Adding examples passage (#8017)
auth0/docs: articles/rules/index.md

* Enable counters or persist other information. For information on storing user data, see: [Metadata in Rules](/rules/guides/metadata).
* Modify tokens: Change the returned <dfn data-key="scope">__scopes__</dfn> of the Access Token and/or add claims to it, and to the ID Token.

> There are many uses for Rules. In the Dashboard, under [**Rules > Create Rule**](${manage_url}/#/rules/new), there are dozens of example templates to help you get started with Rules, including examples dealing with MFA, external webhooks, enriching profile information, altering the authentication process, and more. You can use these templates as a starting point and then customize them to suit your specific needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many uses for Rules. In the Dashboard, you can find example templates to help you get started with Rules under [**Rules > Create Rule**](${manage_url}/#/rules/new). The examples help you with things like MFA, external webhooks, enriching profile information, altering the authentication process, and more. You can use these templates as a starting point, then customizing them to suit your specific needs.
```
